Tu by le
July 26, 2012
Ws. Karen Burke, Diecor
Environmental Remediation
Contam
Feline nc
675 McDonnell Boulevard
St. Louis, MO 63134
SUBJECT: ERRATA FOR NRC INSPECTION REPORT NO. 040-06563/11-003(DNMS) —
MALLINCKRODT, INC. ST LOUIS, MO DATED June 29, 2012
Dears Burke
This is an errata to correct the June 29, 2012, U. S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC)
Te ton nama Som ion oo pores unde you IGas2
Boer epamistiring comtation AEGOM Emiomman, te Gouri, Tana (C.T)
Plant 5 area, located within the Mallinckrodt St. Louis Plant, at 3600 North Second Street,
So, hasan
Section 5.0, “Effluent and Environmental Monitoring (IP 84750), b., “Observations and
Findings,” and the fourth paragraph of the Executive Summary of our inspection report
inadvertently included a reference to the Missouri Department of Natural Resources (MDNR)
and stated that the licensee ensured effluent release concentrations also did not exceed the:
MDNR release limits, which was incorrect. The MDNR does not regulate effluent releases from
the Mallinckrodt decommissioning site.
Enclosed are revised pages of the inspection report that omits any references to MDNR effluent
actus capcom ts od eohesty Soe hat yor Goch owas wl ESS
from the excavated trenches and pits, after filtration, did not exceed the NRC's Title 10 of the
Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 20 Appendix B effluent release concentration limits for
the isotopes of concern.
We regret any inconvenience this may have caused.
In accordance with 10 CFR 2.390 of the NRC's ‘Rules of Practice,” a copy of this letter and ts
enclosure will be available electronically for public inspection in the NRC Public Document
Room or from the NRC's Agencywide Documents Access and Management System (ADAMS),
Sora am Be NAG Wes ore a ts em soem a
fy
M77

_— a
‘Should you have any questions concerning these errata, we will be pleased to discuss them
‘with you.

—

-

CAE

Ln

uy

Division of Nuclear Materials Safety
Docket No. 040-06563
Sri
Sn
Sos ws Sa

mhkazsl

K sure 2
Shout ou ave any questions concaring hes oat, we lb please cuss hrm
prise
Sincerely,
/RA/
Christine A. Lipa, Chief
Vitals Cone, 19781, ans
Cecommasoiia ban
Division of Nuclear Materials Safety
Docket No. 040-06563
License No. STB-401
Endosure:
As stated
comenct Malinao See List
DSTRBUTON wane
Ron ebm
Bruce Watson
Som Bucky
Lon Crave
Cynthia Pederson
Sone Bean
Pineatave
Sovaromm
Pai ae
art fogaras
Niort
Vicor tino
Paina Bucky
Tammy Tomczak
Core rome
To ean
ADA Acamion Name: wt 228s
SOME COI rg crt. 5. Wolcott
Publicly Available LJ Non-Pubiicly Available [] Sensitive [X] Non-Sensitive
rrice [rows _T Juiows 1 ri rT]
fp moe for |
pre _Jorzsasre  Joresaoe —] ———————
Si "OFFICIAL RECORD COPY
Maze)

EXECUTIVE suMMaRy
Mallinckrodt, Inc. Phase Il C-T Decommissioning Project
NRC Inspection Report 040-06563/11-003(DNMS)

During this decommissioning inspection period, between December 16, 2011 and May 31, 2012
two onsite inspections were completed on December 16, 2011 and April 26, 2012 by regional
inspectors. The nspecions included an dependent corms aves re

Units (SU) 9 and 17, and in-process inspector reviews of the licensee's «decommissioning
aces and na stats survey packages of compres om mee

The licensee's routine decommissioning activities consisted of: (1) excavating contaminated
JEL plong mo ar povpropiene bags (super Ske anapains  bas Hamine

lant 5 area to a railhead within the Mallinckrodt St. Louis Plant temporarily storing onsite, and
then the waste Tor disposal nducting final status sur FSS); (3) water
mon nea Coa Jl na salu snes (5S) operating an
i to a a oes ce

During the inspection period, the licensee completed final status surveys and backfilled eleven
survey units (SUs: 4 through 9, 14 through 17, and 20) within the Plant 5 area. The inspectors
reviewed the final status survey packages of SUs 5, 6, 7, and 20 to ensure the licensee
conducted the surveys in accordance with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC)
approved Decommissioning Plan (07) and work pane. Tre nesamors dom mond
comparative analysis of cn gamma spectroscopy wih of Ss sovmem ee resuts
10 ensure the accuracy of the one laboratory: an 0 mo ani mre oO
results. The licensee backfilled the survey units based on the screening results from the onsite.
Tavern.
Water, collected from the excavated trenches and pits, was removed and passed through a six
‘stage filtration system; then analyzed and placed in large mobile tanks for disposal. The
inspectors verified the activity per unit volume concentrations of radioactivity in the filtered water
‘was less than the Title 10 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 20, Appendix B effluent
release concanratons fo te actopes carr
§s-2 result of egal and contract issues, the project's decommissioning scheduie was
Sinficantly delayed due to a change in decommissioning contractors The changasver from
RECO Eruronmants Ersoy Sais mesont contactor. Th chang commited to
Submit a ranstion lan o tho NRG befor ihe ew conraco seam mn. corey
describing how 1s changeover would not aie he BP. se spe oon ee
Procedures, and ai work competed fot
Decommissioning Inspection Procedure for aterisis Lissnsess ( 57106

The licenses conducted decommissioning aces i accordance ih te NAG
approved DP, work plans, procedures, and NRC regulations. (Section 1. 0)
2
mhz)

5.0 Effluent and Environmental Monitoring (IP 84750)

a. Inspection Scope
The inspectors reviewed the air monitoring data results collected from the air monitors
stationed around the Pant § area, and waste weer GScharge om survey unt 15 ing
calendar year (CY) 2012. The inspectors verified that the concentrations of radioactivity
from the air sampling data and in the filtered water analytical results were less than the
10 CFR Part 20, Appendix B effluent release concentrations for the isotopes of concern.

5. Observations and Findings
During the inspectn period, air sampling esuls de not did exceed he 10 CFR Part 20
Appendix B release limits for air effluent concentrations.
Prior to discharge, wastewater generate fom rainstorm and below surface seams
was collected from the excavated trenches and pits, passed through a six stage filation
‘system then analyzed and placed in large mobile tanks for disposal. The activity per unit
volume concentrations of radioactivity in the filtered water was less than the 10 CFR
Part 20, Appendix B effluent release concentrations for the isotopes of concern.
No findings of sgifcance were denied.

c Conclusions
‘The inspectors determined that the licensee's effluent releases did not exceed the
10.CFR Par 20, Append 8 lease mie

6.0 Inspection of Transportation Activities (IP 86740)

a. Inspection Scope
The inspectors reviewed wo records of non-hazardous ase shipments: CTNHL0140-
AECOM, and CTNRLO161- ALCON competed accordance wilt convanirs
procedure CT-AECOM-RP-24, “Radioactive Protection Procedure, Classification and
‘Shipment of Radioactive Materials,” Revision 0.

5. Observations and Findings
NI waste was shisped as non-hazardous unimportant quante since the acts were
below the DOT hreshad fo what 5 efned a rdioaaive maresar. ant meres er
regulated by DOT. No findings of significance were identified

¢  Conctsions
The inspectors determined shipments of excavated material were completed in
accordance wih the DP. work plan, rosedstes, and NAC. and DOT regains

7
Mz]
